SEP-12: Added Content-Type policy section (#789)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0012.md

?jwt=<token>
```

## Content Type

All endpoints accept in requests the following `Content-Type`s:

- `multipart/form-data`
- `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`
- `application/json`

All endpoints respond with content type:

- `application/json`

> `multipart/form-data` should be used instead of `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` for requests transmitting binary data type values from [SEP-9](sep-0009.md).

Reviewer: I think we should reword this a little to make it clear this is backwards compatible and you can continue to use the multipart content-type without binary data.
```suggestion
`multipart/form-data` should be used for requests including binary data type values from [SEP-9](sep-0009.md). `multipart/form-data` or `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` may be used when no binary fields are included.
```

I think this should be moved up to the request paragraph too because it's a little confusing for this to run after the comments about the response format.

?jwt=<token>
```

## Content Type

All endpoints accept in requests the following `Content-Type`s:

- `multipart/form-data`
- `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`
- `application/json`

`multipart/form-data` should be used for requests including binary data type values from [SEP-9](sep-0009.md). `multipart/form-data` or `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` may be used when no binary fields are included.

All endpoints respond with content type:

- `application/json`

> 

Reviewer: Extra new line here that isn't typical in this file or other SEPs afaik.
```suggestion
```
